Update README and docs landing with list of features, roadmap, and gallery (#402)
NumericalEarth/Breeze.jl: README.md

> Breeze is a library for simulating atmospheric flows, convection, clouds, weather, and hurricanes on CPUs and GPUs.

Reviewer: Breeze is a library for simulating atmospheric flows and weather phenomena, such as clouds and hurricanes, on both CPUs and GPUs.

Much of Breeze's power flows from [Oceananigans](https://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl), which provides a user interface, grids, fields, solvers, advection schemes, Lagrangian particles, physics, and more.

> Breeze's AtmosphereModel provides anelastic, compressible, and prescribed (kinematic) dynamics, closures for large eddy simulation, WENO advection schemes, strong stability preserving (SSP) RK3 time-stepping, saturation adjustment microphysics, Kessler microphysics, and one- and two-moment bulk microphysics schemes via an extension to the [Climate Modeling Alliance's](https://clima.caltech.edu/) excellent [CloudMicrophysics.jl](https://github.com/CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl) package.

Reviewer: Breeze’s AtmosphereModel supports anelastic, compressible, and prescribed (kinematic) dynamics, with strong-stability-preserving (SSP) RK3 time stepping and a variety of advection schemes, including high-order WENO. Breeze also includes closures for large-eddy simulation and a range of microphysics, such as saturation adjustment and the Kessler scheme. In addition, Breeze provides one- and two-moment bulk microphysics schemes through an extension to the [Climate Modeling Alliance's](https://clima.caltech.edu/) excellent [CloudMicrophysics.jl](https://github.com/CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl) package.

> Breeze's AtmosphereModel provides anelastic, compressible, and prescribed (kinematic) dynamics, closures for large eddy simulation, WENO advection schemes, strong stability preserving (SSP) RK3 time-stepping, saturation adjustment microphysics, Kessler microphysics, and one- and two-moment bulk microphysics schemes via an extension to the [Climate Modeling Alliance's](https://clima.caltech.edu/) excellent [CloudMicrophysics.jl](https://github.com/CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breeze's AtmosphereModel supports anelastic, compressible, and prescribed (kinematic) dynamics, with strong-stability-preserving (SSP) RK3 time stepping and a variety of advection schemes, including high-order WENO. Breeze also includes closures for large-eddy simulation and a range of microphysics, such as saturation adjustment and the Kessler scheme. In addition, Breeze provides one- and two-moment bulk microphysics schemes through an extension to the [Climate Modeling Alliance's](https://clima.caltech.edu/) excellent [CloudMicrophysics.jl](https://github.com/CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl) package.
```

An extension to [RRTMGP.jl](https://github.com/CliMA/RRTMGP.jl) provides solvers for gray, clear-sky, and all-sky radiative transfer.
Breeze's examples include single column radiation, idealized thermal bubbles and inertia-gravity waves and Kelvin-Helmholtz, [BOMEX](https://doi.org/10.1175/1520-0469(2003)60<1201:ALESIS>2.0.CO;2) shallow convection, [RICO](https://doi.org/10.1029/2011MS000056) trade-wind cumulus, [supercells](https://doi.org/10.1002/2015MS000435), mountain waves, and more.

Learn more by reading on or checking out [the documentation](https://numericalearth.github.io/BreezeDocumentation/stable/) and [examples](https://github.com/NumericalEarth/Breeze.jl/tree/main/examples).
And don't hesitate to get in touch on the [NumericalEarth slack](https://join.slack.com/t/numericalearth/shared_invite/zt-3kjcowmpg-B0s3nalWkvZg8IBc~BIJEA) or by opening a new [discussion](https://github.com/NumericalEarth/Breeze.jl/discussions)!

## Roadmap and a call to action

> Our goal is to build the world's fastest, easiest to use, most productive tool for weather research and forecasting, atmospheric model development, cloud physics, and more.

Reviewer 2: This sounds a bit pretentious.
I'd be super excited if we build the world's second fastest model.

Why say "world's this and that"? Instead, I'd write "to build a state-of-the art fast, easy to use, productive tool...."

Author: I would also be excited if we build the world's second fastest model. I didn't say "Our goal is to build the world's fastest model or we will be extremely disappointed". It's just a direct way of saying what we are aiming for.

What defines "fast" to you? As Fast as SCREAM? or 50x faster?

I'm sorry it sounds pretentious. We should definitely fix that.

> Our goal is to build a very fast, easy to learn, productive tool for atmospheric research, teaching, and forecasting, as well as a platform for the development of algorithms, numerical methods, parameterizations, microphysical schemes, and atmosphere model components.

Author: I'd like to keep "very" here (this is toned down from what we had earlier, which claimed that our goal was to build the fastest model ever). Every model says they are "fast"...

This won't be the effort of a single group, project, or even a single community.
Such a lofty aim can only be realized by a wide-ranging and sustained collaboration of passionate people.
Maybe that includes you - consider it!

> Model development is hard, but rewarding, and builds useful skills for a myriad of pursuits.

Reviewer 2: how about "While model development might be (or seem) hard, it can also be rewarding, and builds ...."

Reviewer 2: To some people it may be easy. Why assume that it's hard for everybody? I don't know what each person finds hard.

Author: I believe this statement should be interpreted as "relative to other tasks, in general". For example, become a professional soccer player is hard. True, for a very talented athlete, it may be easy, but so few people are able to do it, we may make such an objective statement that it is hard.

Reviewer 2: Fair. Leave it.

Author: how about this:

> Model development is hard but rewarding, and builds useful skills for a myriad of pursuits.

The goals of the current group of model developers include developing

- ⛈️ **Advanced microphysics**: Predicted Particle Property (P3) bulk microphysics, spectral bin schemes, and Lagrangian superdroplet methods for high-fidelity cloud and precipitation modeling
- ️🏔 **Acoustic substepping and terrain-following coordinates**: A compressible dynamical core with horizontally explicit, vertically-implicit acoustic substepping that efficiently resolves sound waves in flow over complex topography with smooth [sigma coordinates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigma_coordinate_system)

> - 🔬 **Open boundaries and nesting**: Two-way nesting to support multi-level nested simulations embedded in global atmosphere simulations

Reviewer: - 🔬 **Open boundaries and nesting**: Two-way nesting to support multi-level nested domains that enable high-resolution downscaling.

Reviewer: I think we should separate open boundary and two-way nesting.

- 🌀 **Coupled atmosphere-ocean simulations**: Support for high-resolution coupled atmosphere-ocean simulations via [ClimaOcean.jl](https://github.com/CliMA/ClimaOcean.jl)

> If you have ideas, dreams, or criticisms that can make Breeze and it's future better, don't hesitate to speak up.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you have ideas, dreams, or criticisms that can make Breeze and its future better, don't hesitate to speak up by [opening issues](https://github.com/NumericalEarth/Breeze.jl/issues/new/choose) and contributing pull requests.
```

## Selected examples

Below we've included thumbnails that link to a few of Breeze's examples.

> Check out the [documentation](https://numericalearth.github.io/BreezeDocumentation/dev/) for the full list.

Reviewer 2: do we want the link to dev here or to stable?

Reviewer 2: (applies  to all the PR... probably dev is indeed better, just leaving the comment here in case it wasn't thought of)

Reviewer 2: Good!
